---
layout: post
title:  "Capital One Invest in Yourself Day: 12/10/21"
date:   2021-12-11 19:39:48 -0500
categories: c1
---
One of my favorite things about working at Capital One are the invest in
yourself days. Colleagues have been using this day for a variety of incredible
activities. I thought it would be a good exercise and perhaps even helpful to
others if I posted about my investment day here.

Today we're going to talk about: AWS

Preparing for the Associate AWS Certified Solutions Architect Exam:

I am preparing for an AWS exam coming up soon, and have been reviewing
documentation on the aws site. There is also a newer section, [AWS skill
builder](https://explore.skillbuilder.aws/), with all kinds of tutorials and
interactive videos. I spent a few hours following one of the test prep videos,
"Exam Prep: AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate", and whenever I found
my self completely out of sorts, missing questions, or realizing there was a
problem with my understanding of a service I would step away from the video and
use other resources to bulk up on the topic: youtube, aws documentation,
stack overflow.

I would encourage anyone preparing for any of the AWS exams to take a look at
the resources offered directly from Amazon. Their documentation is robust,
clean, and easy to navigate. I find that even though there is an overwhelming
amount of information, it's well organized and there are great skimming sections
such as the topic main page and the faq's commonly included in many of the
topics.

A little trick I was taught was to simply add the topic you're curious about
behind this url, `https://aws.amazon.com/<your topic here>`, and there is a good
chance you'll get the documentation page for that topic. Otherwise their search
isn't too bad, and ultimately, the all powerful Google search will do the trick.

